[ADD] Expenses: reinvoicing expenses (#10394)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/finance/expenses/reinvoice_expenses.rst

   - :doc:`Expense reports <../expenses/expense_reports>`
   - :doc:`Approving expenses <../expenses/approve_expenses>`
   - :doc:`Posting expenses in accounting <../expenses/post_expenses>`

Setup
=====

First, specify the invoicing policy for each expense category. Navigate to :menuselection:`Expenses
app --> Configuration --> Expense Categories`. Click on an expense category to view the expense
category form. Under the :guilabel:`INVOICING` section, click the radio button next to the desired
selection for :guilabel:`Re-Invoice Expenses`:

- :guilabel:`None`: The expense category cannot be re-invoiced.
- :guilabel:`At cost`: The expense category invoices expenses at the cost set on the expense
  category form.
- :guilabel:`Sales price`: The expense category invoices at the price set on the expense form.

.. _expenses/reinvoice-create:

Create an expense
=================

First, when :doc:`creating a new expense <../expenses/log_expenses>`, the correct information needs
to be entered to re-invoice the expense to a customer. Using the drop-down menu, select the
:abbr:`SO (Sales Order)` to add the expense to in the :guilabel:`Customer to Reinvoice` field.

> Once a :abbr:`SO (Sales Order)` is attached to an expense report, and the report is saved, a

Author: Correct- I checked this, and since you wouldn't want to do that for an individual record, I moved this sentence and rephrased it to the 'submit' section (made more sense that way.).

:icon:`fa-money` :guilabel:`Sales Orders` smart button appears at the top-center of the screen.

> Next, select the :guilabel:`Analytic Distribution` the expense is posted to. Multiple accounts can

Reviewer: When I had clicked 'Create Report' to see the 'Sales Order' smart button, that field disappeared. I had to go back (via the browser) to see this field reappear, which also removed the 'Sales Order' smart button. Could this Analytic Distribution step be done on the 'Report' page, via the 'Analytic Distribution' column? I was able to see the same popover there... 

Either way, I think this particular portion needs some slight reworking to clarify things a bit more for the user.

Reviewer: Upon further thought, is it even necessary to mention a 'Sales Order' smart button if it doesn't need to be interacted with yet? Without that mention, things would flow seamlessly, as intended. Especially considering that you instruct them to create and submit the report in the following section...Something to think about...

Author: lol- yes, I just commended on the first comment you made =D

I moved this whole mention to the 'submit' section since it makes much more sense over there.

be selected, if desired.

To add another :guilabel:`Analytic Distribution`, click on the line to reveal the

> :guilabel:`Analytic` pop-over window. Click :guilabel:`Add a line`, then select the next

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:guilabel:`Analytic` pop-over window. Click :guilabel:`Add a line`, then select the desired
```
opting for the use of the word "desired" instead of "next" because I wouldn't want readers to assume they have to pick the very next account available, should that not be their intention.

:guilabel:`Analytic Distribution` from the drop-down field. If selecting more than one
:guilabel:`Analytic Distribution`, the :guilabel:`Percentage` fields **must** be modified. By
default, both fields are populated with `100%`. Adjust the percentages for all the fields, so the

> total is `100%`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
total of all selected accounts equals `100%`.
```

.. example::
   A painting company agrees to paint an office building that houses two different companies. During

>    the estimate, a meeting is held at the office location to discuss the project and view the
>    building.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   the estimate, a meeting is held at the office location to discuss the project.
```

Create an expense report
========================

After the expenses are created, the expense report must be :ref:`created <expenses/create_report>`
and :ref:`submitted <expenses/submit>`, in the same manner as all other expenses.

.. image:: reinvoice-expenses/reinvoice-expense.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Ensure the customer to be invoiced is called out on the expense.

.. important::
   Selecting the proper :abbr:`SO (Sales Order)` in the :guilabel:`Customer to Reinvoice` field is
   **critical**, since this is how expenses are automatically invoiced after an expense report is
   approved.

   The :guilabel:`Customer to Reinvoice` field can be modified *only* until an expense report is
   **approved**. After an expense report is approved, the :guilabel:`Customer to Reinvoice` field is
   no longer able to be modified.

.. _expenses/reinvoice-approve:

Approve and post expenses
=========================

Before :doc:`approving an expense report <../expenses/approve_expenses>`, ensure the
:guilabel:`Analytic Distribution` section is populated for every expense line.

If an :guilabel:`Analytic Distribution` entry is missing, assign the correct accounts from the

> drop-down menu, then click :guilabel:`Approve`.

Reviewer: Do you think it's important to mention that this 'Approve' button only appears after clicking 'Submit to manager'? I think that would be very helpful...

.. image:: reinvoice-expenses/analytic-dist.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The expense report with all the Analytic Distribution lines populated.

The accounting department is typically responsible for :doc:`posting journal entries
<../expenses/post_expenses>`. To post expenses to an accounting journal, click :guilabel:`Post
Journal Entries`. Once an expense report is approved, it can then be posted.

> The :abbr:`SO (Sales Order)` is **only** updated *after the journal entries are posted*. Once the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The :abbr:`SO (Sales Order)` is **only** updated *after* the journal entries are posted. Once the
```

journal entries are posted, the expenses now appear on the referenced :abbr:`SO (Sales Order)`.

.. _expenses/reinvoice:

Invoice expenses
================

After the expense report has been approved, and the journal entries have been posted, the :abbr:`SO
(Sales Order)` is updated, and the customer can be invoiced.

> Select the expense report and click the :icon:`fa-money` :guilabel:`Sales Orders` smart button to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Select the expense report, and click the :icon:`fa-money` :guilabel:`Sales Orders` smart button to
```

open the :abbr:`SO (Sales Order)`. The expenses to be re-invoiced now appear on the :abbr:`SO (Sales
Order)`.

.. note::
   More than one :abbr:`SO (Sales Order)` can be referenced on an expense report. If more than one
   :abbr:`SO (Sales Order)` is referenced, clicking the :guilabel:`Sales Orders` smart button opens
   a list displaying all the :abbr:`SOs (Sales Order)` associated with that expense report. Click on
   a :abbr:`SO (Sales Order)` to open the individual :abbr:`SO (Sales Order)` details.

The expenses are listed in the :abbr:`SO (Sales Order)` :guilabel:`Order Lines` tab.

.. image:: reinvoice-expenses/so-details.png
   :align: center
   :alt: See the expenses listed on the sales order after clicking into it.

Next, click :guilabel:`Create Invoice`, and a :guilabel:`Create invoices` pop-up window appears.
Select if the invoice is a :guilabel:`Regular invoice`, a :guilabel:`Down payment (percentage)`, or

> a :guilabel:`Down payment (fixed amount)` by clicking the radio button next to it. Then, click

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a :guilabel:`Down payment (fixed amount)`. Then, click
```

> :guilabel:`Create Draft Invoice`. A draft invoice for the customer is created and appears. Click

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:guilabel:`Create Draft Invoice`. Doing so creates a draft invoice for the customer. Click
```

> :guilabel:`Confirm` and the invoice is confirmed, and the customer is invoiced for the expenses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:guilabel:`Confirm` to confirm the invoice, and the customer is invoiced for the expenses.
```

===================
Re-invoice expenses
===================

> If expenses are tracked on customer projects, expenses can be automatically charged back to the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If expenses are tracked on customer projects, they can be automatically charged back to the
```

customer. This is done by :ref:`creating an expense <expenses/reinvoice-create>`, referencing the
sales order the expense is added to, and then :ref:`creating an expense report
<expenses/reinvoice-report>`. Next, managers :ref:`approve the expense report

> <expenses/reinvoice-approve>`, then the accounting department :ref:`posts the journal entries

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<expenses/reinvoice-approve>`, before the accounting department :ref:`posts the journal entries
```

<expenses/reinvoice-approve>`. Finally, once the expense report is posted to a journal, the
expenses appears on the specified :abbr:`SO (Sales Order)`. The :abbr:`SO (Sales Order)` is then
:ref:`invoiced <expenses/reinvoice>`, thus charging the customer for the expenses.

.. important::

>    Approving expenses, posting expenses to accounting, and reinvoicing expenses on sales orders is

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Approving expenses, posting expenses to accounting, and reinvoicing expenses on :abbr:`SOs (Sales Orders)` is
```

   **only** possible for users with the *necessary* :doc:`access rights
   <../../general/users/access_rights>`.

.. seealso::
   This document provides lower-level instructions for the creation, submission, and approval of
   expenses. For fully-detailed instructions for any of these steps, refer to the following
   documentation:

   - :ref:`Approving expenses <expenses/approve>`
   - :ref:`Posting expenses in accounting <expenses/post>`
   - :ref:`Reimbursing employees <expenses/reimburse>`

Setup
=====

First, specify the invoicing policy for each expense category. Navigate to :menuselection:`Expenses
app --> Configuration --> Expense Categories`. Click on an expense category to view the expense
category form. Under the :guilabel:`INVOICING` section, click the radio button next to the desired

> selection for :guilabel:`Re-Invoice Expenses`. The options are :guilabel:`None`, :guilabel:`At
> cost`, or :guilabel:`Sales price`.
> 
> :guilabel:`Re-Invoicing Expenses`:
> 
> - :guilabel:`None`: The expense category will not be re-invoiced
> - :guilabel:`At cost`: The expense category will invoice expenses at their real cost.
> - :guilabel:`At sales price`: The expense category will invoice at the price set on the sales order.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
selection for :guilabel:`Re-Invoice Expenses`:

- :guilabel:`None`: The expense category is not be re-invoiced
- :guilabel:`At cost`: The expense category invoices expenses at their real cost.
- :guilabel:`At sales price`: The expense category invoices at the price set on the sales order.
```

.. _expenses/reinvoice-create:

Create an expense
=================

First, when :ref:`creating a new expense <expenses/new>`, the correct information needs to be
entered to re-invoice the expense to a customer. Using the drop-down menu, select the :abbr:`SO
(Sales Order)` to add the expense to in the :guilabel:`Customer to Reinvoice` field.

> Once a :abbr:`SO (Sales Order)` is attached to an expense report, and the report is saved, A

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once a :abbr:`SO (Sales Order)` is attached to an expense report, and the report is saved, a
```

:icon:`fa-money` :guilabel:`Sales Orders` smart button appears at the top-center of the screen.

> Next, select the :guilabel:`Analytic Distribution` the expense will be posted to. Multiple accounts

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Next, select the :guilabel:`Analytic Distribution` the expense is posted to. Multiple accounts
```

can be selected, if desired.

To add another :guilabel:`Analytic Distribution`, click on the line to reveal the
:guilabel:`Analytic` pop-over window. Click :guilabel:`Add a line`, then select the next
:guilabel:`Analytic Distribution` from the drop-down field. If selecting more than one
:guilabel:`Analytic Distribution`, the :guilabel:`Percentage` fields **must** be modified. By
default, both fields are populated with `100%`. Adjust the percentages for all the fields, so the
total is `100%`.

.. example::
   A painting company agrees to paint an office building that houses two different companies. During
   the estimate, a meeting is held at the office location to discuss the project and view the
   building.

   Both companies agree to pay for the travel expenses for the painting company employees. When
   creating the expenses for the mileage and hotels, **both companies** are listed in the

>    :guilabel:`Analytic Distribution` line for 50% each.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   :guilabel:`Analytic Distribution` line, for 50% each.
```

.. _expenses/reinvoice-report:

Create an expense report
========================

After the expenses are created, the expense report must be :ref:`created <expenses/create_report>`
and :ref:`submitted <expenses/submit>`, in the same manner as all other expenses.

.. image:: reinvoice-expenses/reinvoice-expense.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Ensure the customer to be invoiced is called out on the expense.

.. important::
   Selecting the proper :abbr:`SO (Sales Order)` in the :guilabel:`Customer to Reinvoice` field is
   **critical**, since this is how expenses are automatically invoiced after an expense report is
   approved.

   The :guilabel:`Customer to Reinvoice` field can be modified *only* until an expense report is
   **approved**. After an expense report is approved, the :guilabel:`Customer to Reinvoice` field is
   no longer able to be modified.

.. _expenses/reinvoice-approve:

Approve and post expenses
=========================

Before :ref:`approving an expense report <expenses/approve>`, ensure the :guilabel:`Analytic

> Distribution` section is populated for every expense line in the expense report.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Distribution` section is populated for every expense line.
```

If an :guilabel:`Analytic Distribution` entry is missing, assign the correct accounts from the
drop-down menu, then click :guilabel:`Approve`.

.. image:: reinvoice-expenses/analytic-dist.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The expense report with all the Analytic Distribution lines populated.

The accounting department is typically responsible for :ref:`posting journal entries
<expenses/post>`. To post expenses to an accounting journal, click :guilabel:`Post Journal Entries`.
Once an expense report is approved, it can then be posted.

> The :abbr:`SO (Sales Order)` is **only** updated *after the journal entries are posted*. One the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The :abbr:`SO (Sales Order)` is **only** updated *after the journal entries are posted*. Once the
```

journal entries are posted, the expenses now appear on the referenced :abbr:`SO (Sales Order)`.

.. _expenses/reinvoice:

Invoice expenses
================

After the expense report has been approved, and the journal entries have been posted, the :abbr:`SO
(Sales Order)` is updated, and the customer can be invoiced.

> On the expense report and click the :icon:`fa-money` :guilabel:`Sales Orders` smart button to open

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Select the expense report and click the :icon:`fa-money` :guilabel:`Sales Orders` smart button to open
```

the :abbr:`SO (Sales Order)`. The expenses to be re-invoiced now appear on the :abbr:`SO (Sales
Order)`.

.. note::
   More than one :abbr:`SO (Sales Order)` can be referenced on an expense report. If more than one
   :abbr:`SO (Sales Order)` is referenced, clicking the :guilabel:`Sales Orders` smart button opens

>    a list displaying all the :abbr:`SO (Sales Order)`'s associated to that expense report. Click on

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   a list displaying all the :abbr:`SOs (Sales Orders)` associated with that expense report. Click on
```

   a :abbr:`SO (Sales Order)` to open the individual :abbr:`SO (Sales Order)` details.

The expenses are listed in the :abbr:`SO (Sales Order)` :guilabel:`Order Lines` tab.

.. image:: reinvoice-expenses/so-details.png
   :align: center
   :alt: See the expenses listed on the sales order after clicking into it.

> Next, click :guilabel:`Create Invoice`, and a :guilabel:`Cteate invoices` pop-up window appears.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Next, click :guilabel:`Create Invoice`, and a :guilabel:`Create invoices` pop-up window appears.
```

:guilabel:`Analytic Distribution`, the :guilabel:`Percentage` fields **must** be modified. By
default, both fields are populated with `100%`. Adjust the percentages for all the fields, so the
total of all selected accounts equals `100%`.

.. example::
   A painting company agrees to paint an office building that houses two different companies. During
   the estimate, a meeting is held at the office location to discuss the project.

   Both companies agree to pay for the travel expenses for the painting company employees. When
   creating the expenses for the mileage and hotels, **both companies** are listed in the
   :guilabel:`Analytic Distribution` line, for 50% each.

.. _expenses/reinvoice-report:

Create an expense report
========================

After the expenses are created, the expense report must be :ref:`created <expenses/create_report>`
and :ref:`submitted <expenses/submit>`, in the same manner as all other expenses.

Once the expense report is submitted, a :icon:`fa-money` :guilabel:`Sales Orders` smart button
appears at the top-center of both the expense report, and each individual expense record being
reinvoiced.

> .. image:: reinvoice-expenses/reinvoice-expense.png

Reviewer 3: Please update media folder to use an underscore rather than a hyphen :)
```suggestion
.. image:: reinvoice_expenses/reinvoice-expense.png
```

   :align: center
   :alt: Ensure the customer to be invoiced is called out on the expense.

.. important::
   Selecting the proper :abbr:`SO (Sales Order)` in the :guilabel:`Customer to Reinvoice` field is
   **critical**, since this is how expenses are automatically invoiced after an expense report is
   approved.

   The :guilabel:`Customer to Reinvoice` field can be modified *only* until an expense report is
   **approved**. After an expense report is approved, the :guilabel:`Customer to Reinvoice` field is
   no longer able to be modified.

.. _expenses/reinvoice-approve:

Approve and post expenses
=========================

Before :doc:`approving an expense report <../expenses/approve_expenses>`, ensure the
:guilabel:`Analytic Distribution` section is populated for every expense line.

If an :guilabel:`Analytic Distribution` entry is missing, assign the correct accounts from the
drop-down menu, then click :guilabel:`Approve`.

> .. image:: reinvoice-expenses/analytic-dist.png

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
.. image:: reinvoice_expenses/analytic-dist.png
```

Journal Entries`. Once an expense report is approved, it can then be posted.

The :abbr:`SO (Sales Order)` is **only** updated *after* the journal entries are posted. Once the
journal entries are posted, the expenses now appear on the referenced :abbr:`SO (Sales Order)`.

.. _expenses/reinvoice:

Invoice expenses
================

After the expense report has been approved, and the journal entries have been posted, the :abbr:`SO
(Sales Order)` is updated, and the customer can be invoiced.

Select the expense report, and click the :icon:`fa-money` :guilabel:`Sales Orders` smart button to
open the :abbr:`SO (Sales Order)`. The expenses to be re-invoiced now appear on the :abbr:`SO (Sales
Order)`.

.. note::
   More than one :abbr:`SO (Sales Order)` can be referenced on an expense report. If more than one
   :abbr:`SO (Sales Order)` is referenced, clicking the :guilabel:`Sales Orders` smart button opens
   a list displaying all the :abbr:`SOs (Sales Order)` associated with that expense report. Click on
   a :abbr:`SO (Sales Order)` to open the individual :abbr:`SO (Sales Order)` details.

The expenses are listed in the :abbr:`SO (Sales Order)` :guilabel:`Order Lines` tab.

> .. image:: reinvoice-expenses/so-details.png

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
.. image:: reinvoice_expenses/so-details.png
```
